spending fights in
states across the
country are heating
up over this long
4th of July holiday
period and none
hotter than in New
Jersey this was day
three of a state
government shutdown
with Republican
Governor Chris Christie
and Democratic
lawmakers and odds over
the annual budget
Christie was being
criticized Sunday for using the
governor's official
residence at one of
New Jersey's public
beaches that are now
closed to the public
he has a place to
go so as long as he
can go somewhere and
his family can have
a good you know
holiday I guess
that's more important
than the people of
New Jersey it's very
sad Christie dismissed
the criticism
today in a phone
call to a morning
television show asked
about people being
upset he said well
I'm sorry they're not
the governor
meanwhile Maine state
government is also
partially shut down
over a budget fight
and lawmakers in
Illinois are back
in session trying to
resolve a budget
standoff that is now in
its third year
president Trump shows no
signs of backing
off his public feud
with the news media
he tweeted criticism
today of the media
claiming that news
organizations are
not covering his
administration
successes the president
drew new criticism
on Sunday after he
tweeted mock video
of him tackling a man
with the CNN logo
over his face China's
President Xi Jinping
warned President
Trump today that
us-china relations are
being harmed by a
series of problems
initiated by the
United States they
include a new u.s.
arms deal with Taiwan
and American sanctions
against a Chinese
bank for its dealings
with North Korea
Chinese state TV gave Beijing's
assessment of the
call he didn't tell Xi
Jinping stressed
and mister president
Trump that since our
meeting at the Mara
Lago resort us-china
relations achieved
important results
at the same time the
relationship between
both countries has
been impacted by
some negative factors
we hope the US can
act earnestly in
accordance with the
one-china principle
the phone call also
came hours after the
destroyer USS Stephen
seen here last summer
again sailed near
a disputed island in
the South China Sea
Iraqi army units
in Mosul closed in
today on the last
sliver of the city
still held by a
few hundred Islamic
state fighters the
government troops
were backed by heavy
air strikes by the
u.s. coalition Isis
wot fought back with
female suicide
bombers in Mosul and
elsewhere they killed
at least 15 people
in the last 24 hours
one of the Bombers
was just 15 years old
in Germany 18 people
were killed when a
bus full of senior
citizens crashed this
morning police say
the bus rear-ended a
semi truck in Bavaria
and then burst
into flames nearly
200 emergency workers
joined the response
and tried to recover
bodies from the charred wreckage
authorities say the
heat from the fire
was so intense
only the buses
twisted frame was left
back in this country
automakers posted
another poor showing
for June with sales
numbers tumbling for
the sixth straight
month the OTT Chrysler
fell more than 7%
while Ford and GM
were down roughly five
percent meanwhile
Korean automaker
Hyundai posted a 19 percent loss
analysts say that a downturn was
expected after last
year's record sales
numbers Wall Street
cut short its
trading day today
ahead of the fourth of
July but banks and
energy companies made
the most of it they
led the Dow Jones
Industrial Average
higher adding a
hundred and twenty-nine
points to close
at twenty one thousand
four seventy nine
the Nasdaq fell 30
points and the S&P
500 gained five and
on the eve of the
fourth of July there
is new evidence
that Americans need
to brush up on their
history in a Newshour
NPR Marist Poll only
77% correctly said
the United States
won independence from
Britain the rest
were unsure or named
another country
including Russia and
Afghanistan even
fewer only 69 percent
knew that the American
colonies declared
their independence
in the year 17
seventy-six we got
to work on that